1. every sotre should have add,edite,delete functionality for catagory

2. free store can not upload more then 3 image for a single product, 
and 10 product list maximum limit for free store.

3. paid store can not upload more then 5 images for a single product, 
and 100 product list maximum limit for store.

4. free store invoice should go from zotomic mail "invoice@zotomci.com"(make this mail settings for admin add,
edite and delete functionality)

5. paid store invoice go from ther mail(store owner can add ther mail for sending invoice) 
add this section for paid store owner.

6. need zotomic assistant uses credit system, admin can be able to add,edite,delete credit from any store. 
free plan store owner can by creadit 
for zotomic assistant. and it should shows there dashboard how much creadite the use and how much left.
(this creadit will be deduct based on
 using assitant tools, when any store owner need creadite buy cradite using bkash, nagad 
(this is admin personal bkash and nagad number- admin 
will add them using admin dashboard)admin get notify.
*** to crate a credite functionality active your plan mode to discus with me how to handel this***

7. use retlimit for database(supabase) and also for gemini api key.

8. logo, product images"cheack first for product images may be its already done" 
should be upload from device ( backend work from user device onsite compress resize upload to 
cloudinary take the link upload the link to supabase data
base, no need to show this info any sotre or frontend user)

9. paid store can add or connect ther own teligram chatbot to zotomic assistant for comunication separetly.
free store owner should use the store owner dashbord zotomic assitant inter face for uses. 

10. add new product or edite any product there is a imput box "marketing cost/unit(BDT)" need to improve this,
 user need to imput there campain budget, campain start time, end time, and total spend dollar, and based on this
info i need to calculate this on site from starting date to end date how much sales genarate and how much the spend,
how much cost them per product to seal, and this info will go to report to improve weekly report. or you can separate
this from add new product or edite product make owner dashboard sidebar tab for marketing cost, user imput campain 
budget and start date and end date(after end of campaing how much total spend)
 then sellect from dropdown product list(wich product store have)*** be fore edite
or crate this ask me how i want to make this.***

11. return and restore popup box have over lapping issu on under order list fix this.

12. on admin dashboard "assistant activity" i need to see user how much credit use on whic tools.

13. i need to see which store use how much disc space by catagory lik, supabase for database, vercle for deployment,
cloudinary for imge upload.(as admin)

14. free store owner hero image should be only 1.

15. paid store owner can upload 3 hero image not more then 3.

16. cheack out page need product adding or minuse button ( cart page have this button use this ).

17. single product page need improvement, product details, review, retings, how much solde, low stocks with number
    buy now button.

18. product image card need to improve, add a buy now button(under the add to cart button), add quick view(should show icon inside the image frame top left 
    corner) to popup image and product short description,
    product retings,low stocks, how much sold(should show only icon and number inside the image frame left bottom corner)

19. single product image card need a lable , hot, new, best, seal(inside the image frame top right corner).

20. need to move the wish list icon from top right corner to top left after the quick view icon.

// all icon should be like wishlist icon standard and proffessional. //

*** before you start rearrange them section wais ***










































